[Hoboken, New Jersey] : John Wiley & Sons, Inc., [2018]-
2011- : London : Cambridge University Press
© Sage Publications Ltd
© Western Economic Association International
© Society for Vector Ecology
© The International League Against Epilepsy
2009- : New York : Nature Publishing Group
© The Australasian College of Dermatologists
© London School of Economics and Political Science
© Board of the Foundation of the Scandinavian Journal of Statistics
<Feb. 2004->: London : Sage Pulbications
© Western Governors University
© International Association of Geoanalysts
Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
© The Boreas Collegium. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© American Finance Association
unknown
© John Wiley and Sons
Copyright © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc., A Wiley Company
2009-2011: [London] : Radcliffe
Malden, MA : Blackwell Science for the American Cancer Society
Springer Medizin
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and Eating Disorders Association
© The Society of Resource Geology
© Mendelian Society of Lund
© Association of Rehabilitation Nurses
Wiley-Blackwell for RAND (USA)
© Blackwell Verlag GmbH
© The Guttmacher Institute
© Asian Association of Social Psychology and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© The Ontario Institute for Studies in Education of the University of Toronto
© John Wiley & Sons
© The International Association for Economic Theory
Hoboken, NJ : Wiley Periodicals, Inc., [2017]
© Canadian Review of Sociology/Revue canadienne de sociologie
© Cognitive Science Society
© Association for Art History
© Peripheral Nerve Society
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd & Global Networks Partnership
© EAN
Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the School of Philosophy at the University of Southern California (United States)
© The Agricultural Economics Society
© Curtin University and John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
© Public Health Association of Australia
Oxford : Blackwell (United Kingdom)
© Wiley-Periodicals, Inc.
© The Society for Academic Emergency Medicine
© American Society for Public Administration
© European Society for Evolutionary Biology
© Ernst & Sohn Verlag für Architektur und technische Wissenschaften GmbH & Co. KG, Berlin
Wiley-Blackwell (England)
© International Union of Crystallography. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and the Association of Applied Biologists
© The Aristotelian Society
Springer Berlin Heidelberg
© Japanese Heart Rhythm Society
© Nordic Political Science Association
© Oxford Economics
Oxford, England : Wiley
© Crawford School of Public Policy, The Australian National University and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Society of Chemical Industry,
SAGE Publications
© Wiley Interface Ltd
© The Scandinavian Psychological Associations
© The editors of The Scandinavian Journal of Economics
<2019-> : [Philadelphia, PA] : Wolters Kluwer Health
© BJU International
© The Population Council
© Michigan Association for Infant Mental Health
Hoboken, NJ : John Wiley & Sons, 2007-
2005- : Malden, MA : Blackwell Publishing
© Australian Veterinary Association
© Association of Field Ornithologists
Nature Publishing Group for The Genetics Society
London : Elsevier
© INSOL International and John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and Medicalhelplines.com Inc.
© The Philosophy of Education Society of Great Britain
Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Geographical Society (United Kingdom)
© Society for Community Research and Action
© Australian Health Promotion Association
© Société Française des Microscopies and Société Biologie Cellulaire de France
Oxford : Wiley-Blackwell
VS-Verlag
© International Society of Zoological Sciences, Institute of Zoology/Chinese Academy of Sciences and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Sociological Review Publication Limited
© NARST: A Worldwide Organization for Improving Science Teaching and Learning Through Research
© The Entomological Society of Korea and  John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Steunstichting ESOT. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Blackwell Publishing Ltd
<2007->: Cairo, Egypt : Hindawi Publishing
© Institute of Food Science and Technology
© International Labour Organization
© Institute of Developing Economies
© The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Radiologists
© UKLA
© Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress
© Society of Plastics Engineers
© The University of Melbourne, Melbourne Institute: Applied Economic & Social Research
© British Journal of Surgery Society Ltd. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
© ARS-AAOA
© International Institute for Conflict Prevention & Resolution
2015- : London : Elsevier
Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Literacy Association
© The Historical Association and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
© International Life Sciences Institute
© Royal Australasian College of Physicians
© The University of Memphis
Springer Singapore
© The Population Council, Inc.
© Institute of Development Studies
© Orthopaedic Research Society
© Decision Sciences Institute
© University of Phoenix
© Nordic Journal of Botany. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Creative Education Foundation
© European Economic Association
©Japan Society for Reproductive Medicine
© 2018 Economic History Society of Australia and New Zealand and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
[Eugene, OR : Aster Pub. Corp., c1989-
Hoboken, NJ : Wiley Interscience
© International Federation for Cell Biology
© International Council on Systems Engineering
© Family Process Institute
© Association for the Study of Ethnicity and Nationalism
© China Lung Oncology Group and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Société Française de Pharmacologie et de Thérapeutique. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© The Economic Society of Australia
© The Institute of Development Studies
© International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© The Econometric Society
© Journal of Religious Ethics, Inc.
© Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine/John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Asia and the Pacific Policy Studies published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd and Crawford School of Public Policy at The Australian National University
© Special Care Dentistry Association and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
-2003 : Hoboken, NJ : Wiley-Liss
© University of Southern California and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and The Association for the Study of Medical Education
© American Microscopical Society
Darien, CT : Le Jacq Communications
© Nordic Association for the Publication of BCPT (former Nordic Pharmacological Society). Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© The Gerodontology Association and John Wiley & Sons A/S
© Urban Affairs Association
© Wiley Periodicals, Inc. and Dialog, Inc.
© The Netherlands Entomological Society
© EAACI and John Wiley and Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley and Sons Ltd.
Springer US
© Japanese Society of Developmental Biologists
© American Society of Naval Engineers
© University of Miami
© International Society for Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
2015- : Hoboken, NJ : Wiley
Berlin : Verlag Der Deutschen Ornithologengesellschaft
2003- : Chichester, West Sussex, UK : John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
© Cambridge Philosophical Society
© Wesleyan University
© International Union of Psychological Science
© Society of Dairy Technology
Copenhagen : Churchill Livingstone
© Australian Society of Endodontology Inc
New York : Greene Pub. Associates ; Wiley-Interscience, c1988-
© Canadian Association of Geographers/Association Canadienne des Géographes
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd, A Wiley Company
© EAACI and John Wiley and Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley and Sons, Ltd
© Health Research and Educational Trust
© Society on Sarcopenia, Cachexia and Wasting Disorders
© Institute of Economic Affairs
© The Society for the Study of Species Biology
© Mount Sinai School of Medicine
© AWHONN
Copyright © 2012 Wiley-Liss, Inc., A Wiley Company
© International Neuromodulation Society
[New York] : John Wiley & Sons
© International Studies Association
© The Society of Legal Scholars
© Geological Society of China
© European Academy of Management
2002- : Hagerstown, MD : Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
[Malden, MA : Wiley InterScience]
BSPP and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Wiley-Blackwell for the Economics Department of the University of Pennsylvania and Osaka University (United States)
© International Federation of Operational Research Societies
© The Philological Society
© Mac Keith Press
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and Society for Applied Microbiology
Jan. 2010- : London : Sage
© Cardiff University Law School
New York : John Wiley, [2005]-
Architectural Institute of Japan
© Rice University
London ; Philadelphia, PA : Published for the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology by Taylor & Francis, c1999-
© International Society of Neuropathology
© British Academy of Management.
© AWHONN, the Association of Women`s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses
© European Consortium for Political Research
© History of Education Society
© International Biometric Society
© Statistical Society of Canada
© Interior Design Educators Council
© Japanese Society of Hepato-Biliary-Pancreatic Surgery
Weinheim, Germany : Wiley-VCH, 2000-
<2005>-2009 : Chichester : John Wiley
© American College of Veterinary Radiology
John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd. & Beijing Hospital
© International AIDS Society
© Japanese Society for Neuroimmunology
© John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd and Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine
© Supreme Court Historical Society
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and the Editorial Board of the Journal of Industrial Economics
© Paediatrics and Child Health Division (Royal Australasian College of Physicians)
Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© The Accounting Foundation, University of Sydney
© International Association of Sedimentologists
© The Association of Family Therapy and Systemic Practice
© BAUN & John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Chichester : Wiley-Blackwell
© World Psychiatric Association
© ASAC. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
© Japanese Psychological Association .
Chinese Orthopaedic Association and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Springer Vienna
© Japanese Society of Phycology
© John Wiley & Sons and the University of Denver
© Society for Consumer Psychology
[Hoboken, NJ] : Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases, [2017]-
© AISS
© Japan Center for Economic Research
Hoboken, NJ : John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
© American Journal of Economics and Sociology, Inc.
© American Association of Public Health Dentistry
© The Society for Renaissance Studies, John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© System Dynamics Society
Weinheim : Wiley-VCH Verlag & Co. KGaA, c2012-
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd/University College London
Berlin, Germany : Blackwell Verlag
© The Political Quarterly Publishing Co. Ltd.
© Optometry Australia
© Japanese Society of Neurology and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© The Molecular Biology Society of Japan/John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Institute of Australian Geographers
© Japanese Dermatological Association
© British Society for Nanomedicine and John Wiley and Sons, Ltd
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development
Oxford, UK : Blackwell Pub., c2005-
© IVSS
© National Council on Measurement in Education
© Scandinavian Physiological Society. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute
© New York University Salomon Center and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© AABB
© Political Studies Association
Oxford University Press for The Review of Economic Studies Ltd
Medford, MA : Wiley, [2017]-
© International Statistical Institute
© Alcatel-Lucent. Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd, European Association of Geoscientists & Engineers and International Association of Sedimentologists.
© Center for International Studies, Inha University
© World Institute of Pain
Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations
© British Ornithologists' Union
© Federation of European Microbiological Societies. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. All rights reserved
© Academy of Legal Studies in Business
© The Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine
© The Southern Finance Association and the Southwestern Finance Association
© American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages, Inc.
© World Stroke Organization
© European Pain Federation - EFIC ®
© WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
[Hoboken, NJ] : Wiley, [2018]-
© American Society of Transplantation and the American Society of Transplant Surgeons
© European Society for Rural Sociology
© American Geographical Society of New York
© Australian Entomological Society
Ecological Society of America (United States)
Copyright © 2019 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation
© The Institute of Psychology, Chinese Academy of Sciences and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Association of Family and Conciliation Courts
New York : Wiley, 1998-
© Law and Society Association
© Hypatia
The Japanese Society for Cutaneous Immunology and Allergy
American Institute of Physics (US)
© Japanese Economic Association
© The Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions
© The Chemical Society Located in Taipei & Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
© The Modern Law Review Limited
© International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disabilities and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© Japan Academy of Nursing Science
© World Obesity Federation
© The Howard League and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Society for Marine Mammalogy
© International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies
© British Small Animal Veterinary Association
New York : John Wiley, c2001-
Wiley-Blackwell (United States)
© The American Society of Criminology.
© Society for Ecological Restoration
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and Society for the Advancement of Management Studies
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and RADMA
Copyright © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© Japan Gastroenterological Endoscopy Society
© British Society for Plant Pathology
© Occupational Therapy Australia
Co-action Publishing on behalf of the International Meteorological Institute
© Wiley-VHCA AG, Zurich, Switzerland
© European Academy of Andrology
© Department of Geography, National University of Singapore and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Australian Anthropological Society
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and the British Psychotherapy Foundation
2003- : Wien : Springer Verlag
© American Neurological Association
© Society of Cosmetic Scientists and the Société Française de Cosmétologie
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and Institute of European Finance, Bangor University
© Royal Entomological Society
© Korean Securities Association
© Philosophy and Phenomenological Research, LLC
[Hoboken, NJ] : John Wiley & Sons Ltd, British Pharmacological Society and American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics, [2013]-
New York, NY : John Wiley & Sons, c1999-
© The American Society of Photobiology
© Production and Operations Management Society
© Midwest Political Science Association
© Wiley Periodicals; Inc.
© Wiley Periodical, Inc.
© The Canadian Academic Accounting Association
© The Remote Sensing and Photogrammetry Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
© Eastern Sociological Society
New York : John Wiley and Sons, c1999-
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society
© Ernst & Sohn Verlag, Berlin
© American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition
© The Entomological Society of Japan
Cambridge University Press
© The Linnean Society of London
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd, The Geologists` Association & The Geological Society of London
© The London School of Economics and Political Science
© The Obesity Society
© Association for Tropical Biology and Conservation
© Stichting International Foundation for Animal Genetics
© Japanese Cancer Association
© Wilmott Magazine Ltd.
© The Authors Antipode © Antipode Foundation Ltd
© Royal Australasian College of Surgeons
© Weed Science Society of Japan
© Australian Dental Association
New York : Wiley, 2000-
© European Weed Research Society
© Australian Society of Viticulture and Oenology, Inc.
2014- : [Sydney] : Wolters Kluwer Health/Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
2019- : [London] : BMJ
© The International Society of Protistologists
© 2019 American Institute of Chemical Engineers
© Durham University and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
<2003->: Oxford : Blackwell
Oxford University Press (since 2013)[1] on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society (United Kingdom)
© Verein für Socialpolitik
© Institute of Social Studies
© American Society for Healthcare Risk Management of the American Hospital Association
© School Science and Mathematics Association
© The Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management
© Eastern Finance Association
© Journal of Avian Biology
© Universities Council on Water Resources
2002- : Thousands Oaks, CA : Sage Publications
© The Meteoritical Society
© BPL/AAH
© Australasian Society for Ultrasound in Medicine
© Association of Learned & Professional Society Publishers.
© European Journal of Oral Sciences. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© British Blood Transfusion Society
© Australian Society of Medical Imaging and Radiation Therapy and New Zealand Institute of Medical Radiation Technology
© American Society of Andrology and European Academy of Andrology
© John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
© The Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew
© Society for Applied Philosophy
© Cornell Law School and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© International Association for Relationship Research
The American Anthropological Association on behalf of the Society for Cultural Anthropology
2001- : Milano, Italy : International Center of Mental Health Policy and Economics
© International Council of Museums (ICOM)
© International Council of Nurses
Taylor & Francis on behalf of Clark University
© Strategic Management Society
University of Chicago Press (United States)
© Association of Anaesthetists
© Economic History Society
© Southwest Social Science Association
© The Fisheries Society of the British Isles
© Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© NASEN
2011- : Malden, MA : Wiley
© American Academy of Forensic Sciences
© University of Pittsburgh
© Chinese Medical Association
© Research Society on Alcoholism
© Australasian College for Emergency Medicine
© Institute of Public Administration of Canada
© Wiley Periodicals, Inc
© International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society
© Zhengzhou University
January/March 2013- : Hagerstown, MD : Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
© The Palaeontological Association
© Society of Chemical Industry and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© The Design Management Institute
© UNESCO
© The Protein Society
© The Editorial Board of Studia Linguistica
© The Lethaia Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
2003- : Melbourne, Victoria, Australia : HEC Press
© The American Risk and Insurance Association
© Wiley & American Society of Plant Biologists and Society for Experimental Biology
Roma, Società chimica italiana.
© Journal of Chinese Philosophy
© The Society for Information Display
© Educational Testing Service
© Academy of Political Science
© The Linnean Society of London, Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society
1999- : Darien, CT : CHF, Inc.
2017- : Malden, MA : Wiley on behalf of American Association of Physicists in Medicine
© Japanese Society of Animal Science
© International Center for Artificial Organs and Transplantation and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Springer London
Wiley-Blackwell
© The Japan Society of Hepatology
© Nordic College of Caring Science
© The Psychoanalytic Quarterly
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and ERP Environment
© British HIV Association
© The American Society for Aesthetics
© Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd. The copyright in each Contribution published in the Journal shall be in the name of the Contributor(s) or other owner of copyright as appropriate. Compilation and layout copyright JGHF and Wiley.
New York, NY : Wiley-Liss
© Wound Healing Society
© Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences
© NANDA International
© The New Zealand Geographical Society Inc.
© International Review of Finance Ltd
Oxford : Blackwell Scientific Publishers
© ESVD and ACVD
© Japan Geriatrics Society
© The American Geriatrics Society
Sheffield, United Kingdom : European Respiratory Society
© Society for the Study of Evolution and the European Society of Evolutionary Biology
2014- : Washington, DC : American Psychological Association
© Society for the Study of Addiction
© Swedish Society of Anthropology and Geography
© The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
2004- : Philadelphia, PA : Old City Publishing
© Southeastern Council on Latin American Studies and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© American Society of Andrology
© American Psychological Association
© The Accounting Research Center at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business
John Wiley & Sons
Springer Japan
© National Association for the Teaching of English
© Canadian Society for Chemical Engineering
© Australian College of Mental Health Nurses Inc.
© Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, Hanoi & Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
© Swiss Political Science Association
© Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
© National Career Development Association
© International Society for Performance Improvement
© Policy Studies Organization
© VVS
Oxford University Press (since 2013)[1] on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft
© International Social Security Association
© Canadian Economics Association
© Ecological Society of Australia and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© The International Association for Chinese Management Research
© Milbank Memorial Fund
© John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
© Computer-Aided Civil and Infrastructure Engineering
© National Council on Family Relations
© Anatomical Society
© Society of Chemical Industry
© Society for Research on Adolescence
© John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© International Society of Blood Transfusion
Wiley-Blackwell (United Kingdom)
© CIWEM
© American College of Veterinary Ophthalmologists
© Quaternary Research Association, John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© European Sleep Research Society
New York : John Wiley, 2001-
© Japanese Association for Acute Medicine
Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Suicidology
© Japanese Society of Grassland Science
© John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
© Japanese Psychogeriatric Society
© Japanese Society of Sleep Research
© The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
© International Society for Sexual Medicine
© American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
© Product Development and Management Association
Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Meteorological Society
© American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry
Oxford University Press
© Ecography. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Joint Publication Board of Zygon
© Association for Religion and Intellectual Life
© University of Michigan
© London Business School
SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for Psychological Science
© fib. International Federation for Structural Concrete
© APMIS. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© The Dominican Council/John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© European Dialysis and Transplant Nurses Association/European Renal Care Association
© National Association for Healthcare Quality
© British Educational Research Association
© Teaching Statistics Trust
© Asian Pacific Society of Nephrology
<2006->: Cairo, Egypt : Hindawi Publishing
Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Ceramic Society (United States)
© Japan Society for Endoscopic Surgery, Asia Endosurgery Task Force and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© American Association of Nurse Practitioners
© The President and Fellows of Harvard College
© BSPD, IAPD and John Wiley & Sons A/S
© Society of Chemical Industry and John Wiley & Sons, Ltd
© Japan Society for Oriental Medicine and Medical and Pharmaceutical Society for WAKAN-YAKU
© Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists
© Hellenic College of Cardiology
© National Council of the Institute of Public Administration Australia
Chichester, [Sussex]; New York : Wiley, c1981-
Newark : International Literacy Association
© John Wiley & Sons A/S
Chichester : <2012-> : Wiley-Blackwell
© European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology
© Chinese Automatic Control Society
© British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy
© The Regents of the University of California
© International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis
SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association
© International Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association
© International Society of Dermatology
New York Ny : New York Academy Of Sciences
© The Society for Research in Child Development, Inc.
© American Society for Veterinary Clinical Pathology
© Scandinavian Plant Physiology Society
© World Aquaculture Society
© Project Management Institute, Inc.
© OIKOS. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© International Communication Association
© Wiley Periodicals, Inc. and the American Evaluation Association
© Asian Pacific Society of Respirology
© Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© The American Heart Association. The copyright in each Contribution published in the Journal shall be in the name of the Contributor(s) or other owner of copyright as appropriate. Compilation and layout copyright  AHA
© American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine
© The Japanese Urological Association
© CIRIEC
© The Royal Microscopical Society
© Japanese Society of Neuropathology
© The British Psychological Society
© Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
© Japanese Teratology Society
© International Society of Sexual Medicine
© American College of Veterinary Surgeons
© Oceania Publications
© Australian Statistical Publishing Association
© Overseas Development Institute
© University Association for Contemporary European Studies and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Japanese Society of Pathology and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Shandong Cancer Hospital & Institute
© Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan
Cambridge, UK : Cambridge University Press, c1998-
© ISBT. ISBT Science Series
© International Society of Political Psychology
© Ecological Society of Australia
© Institute of Psychoanalysis
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and the Department of Economics, University of Oxford
© The Heart Failure Association of the European Society of Cardiology
© Deutsche Dermatologische Gesellschaft
Berlin : Blackwell Wissenschafts-Verlag
Edited By: Warwick Murray© Victoria University of Wellington and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© European Society of Cardiology
© American Association for Anatomy
The Japanese Society of Neuropsychopharmacology
© International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR)
© Institute of Historical Research
Chichester, U.K. : John Wiley & Sons, 2006-2014.
Amsterdam : Ios Press
© Religious History Association
Hoboken, NJ : John Wiley & Sons
© Japanese Society of Psychiatry and Neurology
© International Society for Apheresis, Japanese Society for Apheresis, and Japanese Society for Dialysis Therapy
© International Society of Travel Medicine
2002- : Hoboken, NJ : John Wiley & sons
© Society for Applied Microbiology and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
<2004- > : New York : published by Wiley on behalf of the Wildlife Society
© Washington University in St. Louis
© Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© Rural Sociological Society
© The Ohio State University
<Mar. 2011-> : Victoria : Wiley-Blackwell
© Insect Science, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Science
© Foundation for the Sociology of Health & Illness
[Malden MA] : published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of the American Physiological Society and The Physiological Society, 2013-
© National Rural Health Association
© National Rural Health Alliance Ltd.
© AlphaMed Press
© The Eurographics Association and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
© EVJ Ltd
© The Division for Learning Disabilities of the Council for Exceptional Children
© Metaphilosophy LLC and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Association for Information Science and Technology
© American Society for Dermatologic Surgery, Inc.
© The Society for the Scientific Study of Religion
© European Society of Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases
© Society for Experimental Mechanics
© NSEAD/John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© American School Health Association
© American Counseling Association
2014- : Thousand Oaks, CA : Sage
© Institute of Food Technologists
© Renji Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© International Council for Small Business
© British Association of Critical Care Nurses
West Sussex : Wiley
[London] : Elsevier Ltd.
Berlin : Blackwell Verlag
© Asia Pacific League of Associations for Rheumatology and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© American Real Estate and Urban Economics Association
© Royal Dutch Geographical Society KNAG
© Association of Applied Biologists
© International Society for Hemodialysis
2003- : Washington, DC : International Life Sciences Institute
© Australasian Sonographers Association
© Australian Association of Family Therapy
© The Societies and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Applied Regional Science Conference (ARSC) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
© Scandinavian Society of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine
© The Hastings Center
© British Society for Eighteenth-Century Studies
© College of Surgeons of Hong Kong
Copyright © 2019 Federation of European Microbiological Societies
© Federation of European Microbiological Societies
Weinheim, Germany : Hoboken, NJ : Wiley-VCH
© Society for the Experimental Analysis of Behavior
Oxford : Blackwell, c2004-
© International Mind, Brain, and Education Society and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© Hartford Seminary
© Stiftelsen Theoria
© American Association of Teachers of German
© AFAANZ
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and International Journal of Social Welfare
© British Nutrition Foundation
© International Association of Applied Psychology
© Scottish Economic Society
Dec. 2012- : London : Sage
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and The Mammal Society
© The Parliamentary History Yearbook Trust
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and the British Academy of Management
© International Union of Crystallography
Malden, MA [etc.] Blackwell Science [etc.]
Co-action Publishing (Sweden)
© Midwest Sociological Society
© Society for the Study of Evolution
© John Wiley & Sons inc.
© European Association of Social Anthropologists
New York, N.Y. : J. Wiley, c2001-
© Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health
© British Neuropathological Society
© The Scandinavian Foundation for Immunology
© The Society for Music Analysis and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
[Washington, D.C.] : Society for Science & The Public
Oxford Academic With Centre for Economic Policy Research, Center for Economic Studies of the University of Munich, and the Paris School of Economics
© The Thought Trust and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Oxford : Blackwell Science
New York : Wiley, 2001-
© The Association of Coloproctology of Great Britain and Ireland
© East Asian Economic Association and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
John Wiley & Sons (Switzerland)
© Australasian Agricultural and Resource Economics Society
Melbourne : published on behalf of ACOTA by Wiley-Blackwell Publishing Asia
© The Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© American College of Prosthodontists
© Urban Research Publications Limited
© John Wiley & Sons, Ltd
© The Society for Applied Microbiology
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and The Chartered Institution of Water and Environmental Management (CIWEM)
BioMed Central
© English Literary Renaissance Inc.
<2005->: Hoboken, NJ : Wiley
© American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy
© World Council of Churches
Copyright © 2019 The Linnean Society of London
© American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine
© Organisation Européene et Méditerranéene pour la Protection des Plantes/European and Mediterranean Plant Protection Organization
© Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals
© LMS Group
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd/ CNRS
<Nov. 2005-> : Oxford : Wiley-Blackwell
© Australasian Professional Society on Alcohol and other Drugs (APSAD)
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd and The Anatomical Society
© Society for Risk Analysis
Hoboken, NJ : John Wiley & Sons, Inc., [2016]-
© Editorial board of Dialectica
Hoboken, NJ : John Wiley & Sons, [2018]-
© Wiley Periodicals Inc
© The College of Optometrists
Melbourne : Wiley-Blackwell
© Foundation Acta Paediatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© British Society for Neuroendocrinology
© Society for Analytical Psychology
John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
© UICC
© Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists and the American College of Veterinary Anesthesia and Analgesia
[Carlton, Vic., Australia] : Published by Blackwell Scientific Publications on behalf of the Australian Council on Healthcare Standards [and] Australian Medical Association, c1994-
2015- : Abingdon, Oxford : Taylor & Francis
© Cantillon & Mann, LLC
© The Nautical Archaeology Society
© International Endodontic Journal. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© American College of Rheumatology
© American Bar Foundation
2019- : [Thousand Oaks, CA] : SAGE Publications
© University of Illinois
© International Society for Diseases of the Esophagus
IUCr/Wiley
© The American College of Nurse-Midwives
© Southern Economic Association
© Wiley-Blackwell and the Peace History Society
© Yale University
Shanghai : Shanghai Materia Medica
Oxford University Press (since 2013)[1]
© European Association of Geoscientists & Engineers
Pensacola, FL : Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry (SETAC), c2005-
New York : Greene Pub. Associates and Wiley-Interscience, c1992-
© The American Association of Teachers of German
© International Association for Research in Income and Wealth
© IOM
© Society for Conservation Biology
© Institute for Fiscal Studies
<Oct. 2008-> : Chatswood, NSW, Australia : Elsevier Australia
London : Wiley
© Royal Pharmaceutical Society
© Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc
© John Wiley and Sons Asia Pte Ltd
© Claremont Graduate University
© American Society of Law, Medicine & Ethics, Inc.
© International Association of Agricultural Economists
© American Academy of Pain Medicine
© Dietitians Association of Australia
<2005-> : Chichester : John Wiley & Sons, Ltd on behalf of Zoological Society of London
© Royal Economic Society
© The British Dietetic Association Ltd
© International Congress of Infant Studies (ICIS)
© Japan Primary Care Association
© Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care Society
© CPA Australia
© John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
© CEIS, Fondazione Giacomo Brodolini and John Wiley & Sons Ltd
© Institute of Navigation
2005- : Oxford : Blackwell Publishing
Econometric Society
SAGE Publications (United States)
© Bridgepoint Education, Inc. and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© The Russian Review
© International Society for Neurochemistry
<Feb. 2015-> : Hoboken, NJ : Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© British Association of Dermatologists
© Canadian Agricultural Economics Society
Copyright © ESOMAR
© Japanese Society of Soil Science and Plant Nutrition
© British Society of Soil Science
© The Japan Sociological Society
© National Federation of Modern Language Teachers’ Associations
© The Agricultural Economics Society and the European Association of Agricultural Economists
Copyright © 2019 The Royal Astronomical Society
© The International Association for Conflict Management and Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
© Phi Alpha Theta
© International Society for Advancement of Cytometry
© The Royal Institute of International Affairs
Jan./Feb. 2010- : Sea Bright, NJ : Pulse Marketing & Communications
© American Council on Consumer Interests
© United Nations
2013- : Cambridge, United Kingdom : Cambridge University Press
© Japan Pediatric Society
Wiley-Blackwell for Heythrop College (United Kingdom)
© American Cancer Society
© Economic Society of South Africa
© Public Financial Publications, Inc.
2012- : London : Sage
© The Chemical Society of Japan and Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
2012- : Chichester, UK : Wiley
© Health Libraries Group.
© John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd and Chinese Cochrane Center, West China Hospital of Sichuan University
© Wiley Periodicals Inc.
© TESOL International Association
Cambridge, MA : Blackwell Science, Inc., c1995-
2018- : Hoboken, NJ : Wiley Subscription Services, Inc.
